v5.7.0 (#4264)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 5.7.0

_Mar 24, 2022_

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 11 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- ✏ Add a new editing API with better support for server-side persistence and validation (#3963) @m4theushw

>   The new API is only accessible by enabling the following flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The new API is stable, but to avoid any breaking changes or conflicts with the old API, it is accessible by enabling the following flag:
```

Reviewer 2: Iterating on @joserodolfofreitas's suggestion.

```suggestion
  The new API is stable, but to avoid any breaking changes or conflicts with the old API, you must add the following flag to access it:
```

  ```tsx
  <DataGrid experimentalFeatures={{ newEditingApi: true }} />
  ```

>   Users relaying on the old API (legacy) don't need worry as it will continue to work until v6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Users relying on the old API (legacy) don't need to worry as it will continue to work until v6.
```

Btw @m4theushw, I think it'd make sense to officially deprecate the old API.

> - 📃 Add docs for the new editing API (#4060) @m4theushw

Reviewer 3: Maybe merge it with new editing api highlight?

>   The new API also features a brand new documentation with more useful demos and guides explaining how to create custom edit components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The new API also features brand new documentation with more useful demos and guides explaining how to create custom edit components.
```
